README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img alt="Portfolio" src="https://github.com/dillionverma/portfolio/assets/16860528/57ffca81-3f0a-4425-b31d-094f61725455" width="90%">
</div>

# Portfolio [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fdillionverma%2Fportfolio)

Built with next.js, [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), and [magic ui](https://magicui.design/), deployed on Vercel.

# Features

- Setup only takes a few minutes by editing the [single config file](./src/data/resume.tsx)
- Built using Next.js 14, React, Typescript, Shadcn/UI, TailwindCSS, Framer Motion, Magic UI
- Includes a blog
- Responsive for different devices
- Optimized for Next.js and Vercel

# Getting Started Locally

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/dillionverma/portfolio
   ```

2. Move to the cloned directory

   ```bash
   cd portfolio
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

4. Start the local Server:

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

5. Open the [Config file](./src/data/resume.tsx) and make changes

# License

Licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/dillionverma/portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

v0.1: Initial version of Yueqiao Wang's portfolio

README.md, after:

# Portfolio 
based on [dillionverma/portfolio](https://github.com/dillionverma/portfolio)

Yueqiao borrowing this before they finish their own page. Since they might need this page for a job.

# Features

- Setup only takes a few minutes by editing the [single config file](./src/data/resume.tsx)
- Built using Next.js 14, React, Typescript, Shadcn/UI, TailwindCSS, Framer Motion, Magic UI
- Includes a blog
- Responsive for different devices
- Optimized for Next.js and Vercel

# Getting Started Locally

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/dillionverma/portfolio
   ```

2. Move to the cloned directory

   ```bash
   cd portfolio
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

4. Start the local Server:

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

5. Open the [Config file](./src/data/resume.tsx) and make changes

# License

Licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/dillionverma/portfolio/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
You allow anyone to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and sell your code.
They must keep your copyright notice and the license text in copies/substantial portions.
No warranty / no liability: your code is provided “as is”.
